Congratulations, you have made
it to the end of the course.
We have taken a look at so many things
from start to finish in this course,
we have dive deeply into CSS Grid and
how CSS Grid works.
We looked at all of its
different syntaxes.
We looked at different kinds of
layouts across media queries.
We looked at Flexbox and
how we might apply Flexbox to
things like navigation bars and to other
layouts that are not possible with grid.
We looked at responsive images.
And finally we dug into container
queries here at the end,
both container size queries,
which are widely supported.
And container style queries,
which are coming up and
are gonna allow us to do
some some super cool things.
I hope you enjoyed this course,
I look forward to seeing you
in another one sometime soon.
Thanks a lot.
>> [APPLAUSE]